Documentation rework (#68)
clustree/modelkit: docs/assets/managing_assets.md

#### Bump the minor version

Assuming `name` has versions `0.1`, `1.1`, running
```
modelkit assets update /local/asset/path name
```
will add a version `1.2`

#### Bump the major version

Assuming `name` has versions `0.1`, `1.0`, running

```
modelkit assets update /local/asset/path name --bump-major
```

After prompting your for confirmation, it will add a version `2.0`

#### Bump the minor version of an older asset

Assuming `name` has versions `0.1`, `1.0`, running

```
modelkit assets update /local/asset/path name:0
```
will add a version `0.2`

### Listing remote assets

A CLI is also available to list remote assets in a given bucket:

```
modelkit assets list
```

## Maintaining assets programmatically

First, instantiate an `AssetsManager` pointing to the desired `bucket`, possibly changing the `storage_prefix`, storage method, etc.:

```python
from modelkit.assets.remote import RemoteAssetsStore

assets_store = RemoteAssetsStore()
```

### Create a new asset

Assuming the asset is locally present at `asset_path` (either a file or a directory),
create the remote asset `name:0.0` as follows:

```python
assets_store.new(asset_path, name)
```

!!! important

>     Creating new assets programmatically is likely not a very good idea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Creating new assets programmatically is possible, even though it is not considered a good practice.
```

>     Just do it manually once using the CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using the CLI is the prefered and safest way to manage assets.
```
